REC 2 kind of explains it.
Because the Palestinian movement is often Anti-Semitic.
That is so incredibly disappointing to hear.
Was really looking forward to acquiring my freshman 15.
"it's cool if you didn't like it, but as an action/thriller i don't see how you can fault it."
"As a CHC member of three years, the only real benefits are the dorms and small classes ."
Do not underestimate the value of a good dorm though.
#Im in a zoom call!
"Considering what ends up in that pond, give the pooch a good bath soon after.l"
Nor do I understand why I’m being downvoted for my opinion on a movie lmao.
Didnt damon write the screenplay for good will hunting?
Dune doesn't really resemble most of Lynch's movies.
"Besides, Lynch makes 'surreal' movies by developing a 'surreal' plot."
That marriage is why the whole thing works.
"No such thing happens in Dune, because it's an adaptation of a relatively straightforward novel."
OHill is about as far away from every place.
CS classes are held around campus but usually in the middle so as far as any other classes
"Also helps that *Air Force One* is directed by Wolfgang Petersen, who's pretty damn talented in his own right."
It's an entertaining and well made film from top to bottom.
THAT'LL BE FOUR BUCKS BABY!
YOU WANT FRIES WITH THAT?
Wet Hot American Summer and Swingers.
Better movie than both of those together.
Love these kinds of movies.
This study spot was a favorite for U.
The building [looked] a lot different [back then] than it does now!
"probably depends on your use case, but you might use SentenceBERT embeddings   [link]"
"Vince Vaughn is one of those actors that, whenever he actually goes serious, just comes off as really off."
Makes it work really well for that sort of thing.
Looks like a parody of surrealist films
It’s in that place I put that thing that time
"it depends, as long as the story is told consistently  and/or efficiently ."
"As someone who's worked in call centers for years, that movie hits close to home."
Are you the guy that made that other movie?
whats the big deal?
"Just to be clear, this approach classifies only using the name of the target labels, right?"
"Could the label names be multi-word, or even sentence or paragraph lengths?"
"The ending made me tear up, when he asked if his son is smart."
Well said and very brave of you.
"i dont really get ""scared"" by movies."
actually scary movies dont exist.
its all just sudden loudness.
Do you know of any tutorials for training a FFN classifier on top of BERT/GPT?
I'm assuming HuggingFace provides the base transformer model but I'm unfamiliar with where to go from there
"Ah, that was definitely an initial concern."
"It looks as though LSA, or potentially using vectorization may be essential to return meaningful results"
This is a good one to go into without knowing anything about it.
Literally just the usual escaped mental patient story told with excellent pacing and dialogue.
"“I just sexualized children for art, judge.” Pedo director."
>the film industry isn't a well oiled machine for the people behind the scenes.
That's why they started Mud-wrestling Mondays.
"It's been said the 1977 version from the BBC, starring Louis Jordan, was the most faithful of adaptations."
> physic sidekick  Who doesn't wear a helmet because ~~she's hot~~ it interferes with her abilities.
The only time you would need to parallel park is when they plow the lots during the winter.
Took this class with her - shes just an average prof.
The online homeworks took some time to complete but the exams weren’t particularly hard .
Id say shoot straight as the other poster said
"Rocky Balboa was actually very sad, especially the gravestone scenes."
Thank you that is very helpful.
How many students actually land opportunities to work with this companies?
And through your explanation it sounds like CICS turns corporate heads – which is great to hear!
Thank you for clearing up the misconception.
I am aware Northeastern’s Co-op program is integrated into their curriculum.
So how do students at UMass intern?
When do most students tend to intern at the CICS?
And during what year ?
"Of course, it is a wrong assumption, I'm not trying to promote that idea."
"Say, women's top 20 is   1."
The Shawshank Redemption 2.
The Mountain II 4.
12 Angry Men 6.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 7.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 8.
Life Is Beautiful 9.
The Lion King 10.
The Dark Knight 11.
The Godfather: Part II 12.
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 15.
The Green Mile 16.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest  And men's top 20 is:  1.
The Shawshank Redemption 2.
The Dark Knight 4.
12 Angry Men 5.
The Godfather: Part II 6.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 8.
"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly 10."
The Mountain II 11.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring 12.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back 16.
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers 18.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 19.
That sounds pretty plausible
You can try r/tipofmytongue if you’re still trying to figure this out
I think there's a lack of good dataset support for text data .
It's hypocritical and is why calling the hotline on your neighbor's for a party is extremely lame.
Its good not great.
Plenty of better in the genre.
"Before the semester started, like June"
It's only in cinemas right now.
Is that Russell Brand I see?!
"It wasn’t on Hitler’s Birthday, it was the day after, this year marking Holocaust Remembrance Day"
I used to live in a country where I was the majority.
"I thought asking for more ""representation"" etc was strange."
"I wasn't against it, but I just didn't really see the point."
Years ago I moved to a country where I was a racial minority.
Maybe I notice it more since things have changed for me.
I don't know what it is like if you grow up as such a minority.
"Nobody is going to be dropping any classes now, there's no reason for them to ."
Wait until classes start then watch it like a hawk.
Chances are you'll get in.
UMass does not have an official film major program.
"Of the classes I have taken though, just as electives, professors are pretty good."
"Agree with the other guy, go to somewhere like Emerson or BU if you want to do film."
Can't really even tell that he basically broke his face and needed facial reconstruction.
I think it’ll be mixed.
“What was I learning other then that racist white folks are racist and white.
"People choose their residential area for all sorts of reasons, it depends what is most important to you."
"Northeast is the oldest residential area, and is closest to the brand new dining hall opening in Fall 2020."
The dorms are beautiful and conveniently located to the campus center and many classes.
"However, stereotypes include that many STEM majors live there and that it is not as social as other areas."
Central is the second oldest area and is also a very convenient location to most of campus.
"Right near Franklin dining hall and University Health Services, and is typically where many “stoners” live."
"After Northeast, Central would be the closest to engineering buildings."
Orchard Hill has absolutely gorgeous views but is quite a trek to get to.
"However, busses that run throughout the day will take you to and from, so it’s not a huge dealbreaker."
"Relatively quiet, as it is the smallest res area, but very chill vibes."
Pretty far from most classes but definitely makes up for it in parties/social life.
"Also has two dining halls within the area, so very convenient for food."
Let me know if you have any other questions!
I would totally go see Tenet but the nearest open theater to me is 25 miles away.
"No, I think her debut to nudity was a movie called Gia"
It depends what class you are talking about in your first question.
"I believe every major within Engineering  has its own first year intro course, and then most eng."
majors across all disciplines will take your basic physics and chem courses.
"If you’re referring to a physics of chem lab, then yes, you’ll be getting other engineering majors ."
"Calc is the same way, you’ll have people from other majors in those classes too."
"Perhaps a second lecture will be added at a different time, or the scheduling was simply a mistake."
"In the meantime, don’t worry about it."
I just wouldn’t enroll in that lab session.
"In terms of double majoring, I am not sure to be honest."
I did not know anyone who double majored with Engineering as one of the majors.
"What I will say though is that if you can, you absolutely should!"
Double majoring is really cool and a unique thing not enough people take advantage of in college.
"If double majoring doesn’t work out, then consider doing the language as a minor too!"
I think a minor requires 5 or 6 courses in that discipline .
"Hope I helped, any other questions?"
An electrical would enroll in the electrical intro lecture and electrical lab.
Oh okay i see.
So it’s relatively small to room 3-4 people?
The rooms aren’t bigger?
"Bush Jr got a film about him 6 months before he left office, then another one 10 years after."
Uhh they're made by the guy behind Samurai Jack and Clone Wars.
Very solid kids movies.
The most ideal approach would just be to use a transformer decoder with Bert.
Check out Barry Lyndon by Kubrick as well!
she has makeup on...
"In hindsight, that was inspired casting"
When is he not?
Really enjoyed that movie.
Should I take the AP Physics 1 exam if I’m a computer science major ?
This article is from June.
Why are people posting old articles on here and not giving any context?
"She gets abducted eventually, by the white actors that we saw at the start of the film ."
"They had not trained BERT in 30 minutes, they had fine-tuned it in 30 minutes."
I found the title misleading.
A  Sleeping Dogs is in development since....FOREVER
"how about capture artists, animators and G artists?"
Both of Julie's parents were in Apocalypse Now.
Dad was 'Chef' and Mom was a Playboy Bunny.
Training Day is still one of the greatest films ever made.
And Jake has never been bad in anything I've seen.
This is going to be a good time at the very least.
"If Ryan Reynolds isn't Guy, I don't want it"
Can RAs get out of their contracts with the health and safety clause?
Or is there an option to work remote?
[[link]  This is at [www.spire.umass.edu] .
Please explain to me how I'm being a dumbass.
My point still stands.
He's upper middle class pretending to be working class.
Those fields seem like they would go really well together!
You should really look into it more.
I would recommend talking to other students that have taken similar coursework to what you're expecting.
I believe the UMass STEM discord would be a good place to do this.
"Other than that, good luck!"
"We see the bosses, but De Niro and Pesci’s characters were not bosses."
"They still had to send money upwards, the money didn’t stop with them."
It doesn't seem to have a unique identity.
Sit as close to the prof as possible AKA front row it THE SHIT.
People sleep on this to the max.
Coke as in cocaine or cola?
Would love to see a gump/narcos cross over.
"guy has zero chance, movie was trash and only got the attention it did because of spike lee's name"
it predicts the next token given some context.
The very last layer is FC with |vocab_size| neurons.
We compare the resulting distribution over vocabulary tokens to the real distribution — i.e.
the OHE vector with 1 at the real next token vocabulary index.
Cross entropy or whatever should do the trick.
I disagree with Ocean—they did a great job of character development given that it's an ensemble cast.
Ancient Egypt predates Judaism
"If I remember correctly, dual degree doesn't typically delay graduation, whereas a double major does."
This is honestly better to talk to your advisor about than some random Reddit users though.
"I see, thanks for the insight."
I will take a look into it.
My first goal is to actually see what can be done and come up with a solution.
"The quartermaster has all the gadgets, except an iron for his wrinkled tie."
But if you want a more consistent source of horror just poke around the huge Lederle basement complex.
"Saw it again not too long ago, it was amazing to watch."
This is your bible: [Based on a True True Story - Information is Beautiful]
All those you listed are quality and will be remembered fondly by the children they are made for.
Pixar is exhausting emotionally.
The good ones are good but sometimes you just want a movie.
Let’s have some fun!
And a legion of highly original people calling themselves zero cool.
I was considering watching this for laughs.
"well pardon me for misinterpreting what you were saying, so what ARE you saying?"
They actually need to convince about half of the students to stay home.
Ok one more Mission Impossible scene.
Another option are Flair document embeddings.
Let us know if this works.
I've seen a few tools that are looking to help scientists sift through publications to identify correlations.
Didn’t know requirements for “amazing” meant it had to be earth shattering too.
You can absolutely drop your first year seminar.
The only people who might need to be in one are students in a RAP.
Everyone else is free to drop it.
Go to spire Enrollment>Drop and you just select the class you want to drop and drop it.
I’m the same way.
It's s shame it didn't earn much at the box office
The professors will likely convey the same information no matter what though?
"How does uploading a live harm the goal to ""give them the best possible environment""?"
30% is still a decent percentage for interaction.
"If that doesn't work, I hear MeCab mentioned quite often: [[link] , used in tokenization."
With that you could programatically insert them in a counter object and sort by frequency.
You can try Moviechat.
They logged all the IMDb boards and threads and you can make new ones too.
"Bill the Butcher, no better than a Bond villain."
Then tell me what movie released only in theaters successful this year.
I don't think he can answer that.
Well you shouldn’t base life expectations on movies.
That leads to some dangerous circumstances.
"In a more recent sci fi, the human life extended to maybe 5 or 6 hundred years."
This is a Utopian future.
And they say ennui or boredom are the main killers.
"But if you make it past the first 200 years, you’ll probably be fine."
It's only in the UK isnt it
How many times have they remade that?
"not required for either courses, it’s optional summer prep"
But is it going to be Rachel Weisz?
“We don’t think you fight fire with fire best ; we think you fight fire with water best.
"We’re going to fight racism not with racism, but we’re going to fight with solidarity."
"We say we’re not going to fight capitalism with black capitalism, but we’re going to fight it with socialism."